[ZT] Add private networks mention (#8784)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/_index.md

* [**Self-hosted applications**](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-apps/) consist of internal applications that you host in your own environment. These can be the data center versions of tools like the Atlassian suite or applications created by your own team. To secure self-hosted applications, you must use Cloudflare's DNS ([full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) or [partial CNAME setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/)) and [connect the application](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/) to Cloudflare.

* [**Cloudflare Dashboard SSO**](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps/) are a special type of SaaS application that manages SSO settings for the Cloudflare dashboard and has limited permissions for administrator edits.

> * [**Private networks**](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/private-net/) are when you have two internal networks that are connected to each other through Cloudflare, without exposing either to traffic from the public Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Private network applications**](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/private-net/) are self-hosted applications that do not have public DNS records, meaning they are not reachable from the public Internet. To allow remote users to access these applications, you must [connect the private network](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/private-net/connect-private-networks/) to Cloudflare.
```

Reviewer: also I would move the private network bullet point to be above Cloudflare Dashboard SSO.
